Qualtran-PL Interoperability v2 (#7148)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/code/qml_io.rst

qml.io
======

Overview
--------

> This module contains functions and classes for translating quantum objects from various frameworks
> into circuits and operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains functions and classes for translating quantum objects from external frameworks
into PennyLane circuits and operators.
```
